chore: Improve documentation #WPB-20239 (#204)
wireapp/wire-apps-jvm-sdk: docs/src/events.md

## Wire Events

When implementing the events handler `WireEventsHandler` your App will be notified when an event is received from the Websocket connection.

Below is a table of existing events that can be received and what are their purpose:

| Event                      | Description                                                                                                     |
|----------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| onMessage                  | A Text message was received.                                                                                    |

> | onConversationJoin         | The App has been added to a conversation.                                                                       |

Reviewer: Maybe it's not the best place for that, but we can point developers to best practices as soon as possible.

```suggestion
| onConversationJoin         | The App has been added to a conversation. This is a good opportunity to introduce the App and provide usage instructions to the users.                                                                      |
```

Author: For now we can keep it here in `events.md` and later probably have a either best practices or something related where we can give some hint/help

| onButtonAction             | A button action (button press/click) was received. From a composite message.                                    |
| onButtonActionConfirmation | Sent from the SDK that it received the button action.                                                           |
| onKnock                    | Also known as `ping` (to call for attention in a conversation) was received.                                    |
| onLocation                 | A message containing details (longituds, latitude) of a location.                                               |
| onDeletedMessage           | When a message is deleted.                                                                                      |
| onReceiptConfirmation      | When your message was `DELIVERED` or another user has read your message.                                        |
| onTextEdited               | An existing message was edited.                                                                                 |
| onCompositeEdited          | An existing Composite message was edited.                                                                       |

> | onReaction                 | When an user has reacted to a message.                                                                          |

Author: adjusted!

| onInCallEmoji              | Received an emoji while in a call.                                                                              |
| onInCallHandRaise          | Received the Hand Raise emoji while in a call.                                                                  |
| onMemberJoin               | When one or more users joined a conversation the App is part of.                                                |

> | onMemberLeave              | When one or more users have left a conversation the App is part of.                                             |

Reviewer: I think it's worthwhile to mention that this event is also triggered when the App itself is removed from the conversation.

```suggestion
| onMemberLeave              | When one or more members leave or are removed from a conversation, including cases where the app itself is removed from the conversation.                                             |
```
